# Project Write-up
**Angelina Cho and Kotaro Yabe**

## Project Overview
**Write a short abstract describing your project. Include all the extensions to the basic requirements**

We have a config file where we store our API keys when accessing the files. The mbta_helper.py has four functions: get_json, get_lat_long, get_nearest_station, and find_stop_near. We use mbta_helper.py to, ultimately, find the nearest station and its wheelchair accessibility. We have another file, app.py to help us use flask to construct a simple website. We imported the find_stop_near function from mbta_helper.py into the app.py, so we can use it to find the nearest station of a place given by the user. We have three html pages, indicating the main page (index.html), the result page (station-result.html), and the error page (error.html). The main page greeted the user, and provide a text box for user to input a place in Boston. It then brings us to either the result page or the error page. It brings us to the error page when there is some sort of error, and it gives user a button to bring them back to main page. The result page presents the nearest station and information on wheelchair accessibility, as well as a button that allows the user to go back to the main page.

## Project Reflection
**1. From a process point of view, what went well? What could you improve? Other possible reflection topics: Was your project appropriately scoped? Did you have a good plan for unit testing? What self-studying did you do? How will you use what you learned going forward? What do you wish you knew before you started that would have helped you succeed?**

Our debugging method worked out extremely well when it comes to writing our codes. We were able to make use of print function, step-by-step examination, and rubberduck debugging. This project was appropriately scoped since baseline materials were the ones that we learned in our class. This assignment served well as a review for our knowledge. We executed our unit testing in a smooth manner because we had a distinct unit for testing, which consisted of each function. We employed a lot of self-studying in this project by reading instructions and documentations of given websites. We will make of this knowledge especially from the aspect of APIs due to its wide application. We wished that we knew more HTML beforehand so that we did not have to spend too much time on figuring our logistical components. 

**2. Also discuss your team process in your reflection. How did you plan to divide the work (e.g. split by module/class, always pair program together, etc.) and how did it actually happen? Were there any issues that arose while working together, and how did you address them? What would you do differently next time?**

For this project, Github was the most significant component since it allowed use to seamlessly collaborate and share each other's codes, and our plan was to solely rely upon it. Constantly pushing and pulling origins helped us coordinate and merge our codes in a timely fashion. Notifications for conflicts were helpful as well because they let us compare each other's codes, allowing us to take up on a better version. However, we also engaged in pair programming as well since it let us think through the identical problem together at the same, a learning aspect that is less emphasized with Github due to its outstanding convenience. We did not encounter major issues since we were focused on finishing the assignment which aligned our interest so greatly. However, we were slighly strapped of time due to our schedule conflicts and tight deadlines. From next time, we will plan out our actions beforehand, and try to have as much room as possible when it comes to our time management. 