# WebApp-MBTA
 ##This is the base repository for Web App Developement project. Please read [instructions](instructions.md). 
1. Project Overview (~1 paragraph)
Write a short abstract describing your project. Include all the extensions to the basic requirements.
This project is the MBTA Helper, a web application development project that aims to help better understand commuting in Boston. Through the leveraging of Python libraries and direct API interactions, MBTA Helper provides real-time information regarding the transit such as its wheelchair accessibility as well as the weather at the location. This is accomplished through using Mapbox as well as MBTA’s API, which allows for user interaction as it converts addresses into coordinates in order to find the nearest train station with up to date information. The use of Flask enables displaying the information through a webpage. The processing of the data was possible by extracting from JSON formats to be able to present the information such as the station location, mode of transportation, accessibility features, and the weather. We also explored filtering transit options in order to allow for a better user experience as well as experimented with ChatGPT to explore new potential additions. 

2. Reflection (~3 paragraphs + screenshots)
After you finish the project, Please write a short document for reflection.
Discuss the process point of view, including what went well and what could be improved. Provide reflections on topics such as project scoping, testing, and anything else that could have helped the team succeed.
Creating the MBTA helper functions went well, as well as the code that sought to find the closest MBTA stop based on longitude and latitude. In addition, the implementation of different modes of transportations as well as the overall setting up of Flask were not too rough, overall. 
The implementation of the map display however did not go too smoothly. It took many attempts and finally worked and redirected us to a map display showing the given location. We were really excited about the outcome. However, after flask was created and running, the map display stopped showing up for some reason. We think that the map display function might have had interference with the flask component, so instead, we had to adopt an alternative which was to save the map as an html file and the message shows up when a map is saved. 
The implementation of real-time weather information was also something that caused many difficulties because there were issues with how the information was extracted and displayed. Even when the weather information showed up successfully and accurately in the MBTA function, we had a hard time showing the information on the webpage. It either led to an error message or blank weather information. Eventually the weather information was successfully displayed on the webpage but the information that was extracted was not necessarily accurate. 

3. Discuss from a learning perspective, what you learned through this project and how you'll use what you learned going forward. Reflect on how ChatGPT helped you and what you wish you knew beforehand that could have helped you succeed. Consider including screenshots to demonstrate your project's progress and development.
From a learning perspective, this project has offered us the ability to be able to acquire as well as refine much of the skills that we could potentially need for future ideas. This is especially true with our final project as we intend to create a web application that will create the text to CAD user interface. We learned many things throughout this project such as the integration of API’s as well as handling data as we needed to learn how to have API’s like Mapbox as well as the MBTA API to work together with processing formats like JSON. 
We believe that we will be able to use what we learned with API integration with our final project. We were also able to gain hands-on experience with Flask as we needed to strengthen the basic understanding of setting up a webpage as well as handling HTTP requests. This knowledge will be our foundation for our future frameworks and come in handy if we ever want to create our own webpages from scratch. By having to work together, we were also able to effectively tackle sections without getting worn out, aid in proper documentation and doctrings while helping debugging as well as cleaning. This could be invaluable in the future for fostering a team, working on a development project, or improving our project management skills. 
ChatGPT helped us through the learning process as it helped us explore new potential ideas and troubleshoot when things went wrong and were unable to be fixed after multiple attempts. Some things that could have been helpful to know beforehand to help our success would have been having more experience and knowledge in concepts such as html or javascript. It would allow us to more effectively build a user interface for the web app and integrate various web API’s.##
