# MBTA Helper Project Writeup and Reflection

**Team Member: Cathy Liang & Wilson Xu**

## Project Overview

In this project, we are intended to create a website to help user find the nearest MBTA stop based on user-enter current location and whether the stop is wheelchair accessible. At the same time, user could also find other useful information, such as current whether of Boston city. To do so, we use three different API to help us get the information needed. First, we use MAPQUEST to help us find the latitude and longitude of the currennt location in Boston. Then, we use MBTA to help us find the nearest MBTA stop information and wheelchair accessibility info. Lastly, we use OPENWEATHERMAP to help us get the current temperature info for Boston. Knowning all the information, we build functions and combine them to ask a user for a place name as input, and then return the nearest MBTA stop and whether it is wheelchair accessible to the user as output. Finally, to create the user-facing website, we create the app file using Flask to build our web page, and then write the html file to design the user-facing page and the result being given to user based on different input. 

## Project Reflection

Overall, the process is relatively smooth, especially the beginning part of using API to get different information. Based on previous in-class coding examples of similar topic and online documentation of formating URL, we were able to learn how to format the url and how to find the information we want from the API. Cathy was majorly focused on writing the mbta_helper module and Wilson was more focused on developing the web app. Wilson had some trouble initially due to the limited practice we got from in class exercises or homeworks so maybe for future consideration, add in some homework exercises to use flask so that the students could have more practice prior to the assignment. However, this assignment is good practice in itself where we were able to figure it out eventually and understand how flask, APIs, web app developments, and html work together to display important information for other users. 

In terms of actually doing the project, the work was initially split evenly between us. However, once we got into creating the web page by using the module, we started to realize some problems. As the person in charge of the web app, there were couple of problems when fusing the web app and the mbta_helper module. Wilson: To be 100% honest, I was initally very rusty writing in html because we only spent one or two classes with Flask prior to the assignment and had limited practice. After figuring out how to write the app and html, the first thing I did was just playing with the buttons before importing the mbta_helper module. After getting a hang of the web app I imported the mbta module and initially thought that it would just be an easy plug in the variables. However, there were a lot of errors such as list index errors and unbound local errors that just took the web page to 'outer space.' So in order to fix those issues I had to go back to the module and understand what each function did and how they were written. In some cases, I even improved the code such as limiting the searching parameters to be in Boston only. After understanding everything were we able to create the web app and use the TRY block to pass the errors and display error messages. However, currently no matter what the error is, the error messgae is always asking the user the enter a location in Boston. For future improvment, we could consider display different messgaes for different situations. For instance, if the location entered is not in Boston, ask the user to enter another location. But if the location has no nearest MBTA stop, display error messgae like "no near MBTA stop around this location". 

Finally, good teamwork also helps a lot. One member in the team is responsible for the mbta_helper file, building and combining functions to get the data through API. The other member is in charge of building the app and html file, ensuring our website could eventually take in reasonable user input and return customized output to our users based on different situations. However, if we were to do this project again, the person in charge of the web app, and the person who is responsible for the mbta_helper should both develop a GRAND PLAN together. What we mean by this is so that both person know exactly what the logic is so that when writing code in either app.py or mbta_helper.py, we both would know what each other need and what each function satisfies. This is where good communication helps where even though we didn't make a GRAND PLAN initially, we were able to discuss the code together afterwards and how we want to represent it in our web app.

