**Project Overview**

    This project is aimed to create a web app based on underlying python operations to prompt users to enter a location, identify the nearest MBTA station, and determine whether the station is wheelchair accessible based on MBTA data. The mbta_helper.py is a python program that has several functions.
    1. the first function is to return a Pytho json object with the responses to the request, given a formatted URL for a json web API
    2. the second function turns a place into latitude and longitude coordinates
    3. gets the nearest MBTA station based on the result from the second function
    4. given a place or address, return the nearest MBTA station and its wheelchair accessibility
    The app.py portion uses Flask and three html templates to generate a web presentation/interaction between the user and the program. It prompts the user to enter a location (index.html) and return the response based on station.html (if a nearest location can be found), or error.html (no location could be found).

**Project Reflection**

    From a process point of view, what really went well for me was to absord the class material from last week and fully understand the codes and how they operates. Additionally, the office hours with the professor last week really helped as well as I had no prior knowledge of any web building. Because of a research paper from another class, I had a ask for an extension from the professor, which I am really thankful for. In the future, I wish to plan my time a bit better or even start earlier as I had to go back and recap a lot of the materials we covered for last week. If I were to have time to start earlier when my memories are fresh, this probably would have taken less time than this. I believe the project is appropriately scoped and although I had to do some self studying on Flask and specifically the MBTA API, I ultimately figured everything out. What was interesting and challenging for me was to figure out the index error I kept getting from get_nearest_station function when I enter the coordiantes for Babson College. This took a fair amount of time but it hit me when I realized there is no MBTA station near Babson, therefore an index error is what I should be getting in the first place. This is one of those "moments" that the professor mentioned in class about sometimes, the code will work out at the "enlightenment" moment. Going forward, I will work better (especially in the term project) to incorperate different python programs. I find that organizing programs by their usage is very easy to comprehend and by calling on each other, things are much more organized than putting all functions in one document. In the future, I wish we could spend a bit more time talking about Flask as I believe there are still many undeveloped uses I have not discovered for this project.

    I have chosen to work alone for this project because of my time constraints. By working by myself, this enabled me to think deeper about everything and have a better understanding by figuring out everything by myself.