This project can be divided into two parts for us. First, the function part in mbta_helper.py. We write functions that help us to get latitude and longitude when input place names. In order to accomplish this, we install  googlemaps and geopy packages to help deal with geographic data. We request API from mapquest to help us access latitude and longitude information. Then, we use the latitude and longitude information to get the nearest station by adjusting the data in the url provided by the MBTA website. The second section for us is to write code to make the web app work, which requires the installation of flask. After finishing the app.py code, our web app is able to function. When we input a place name, it will show the name of the nearest station and its wheelchair accessibility information. We believe that packages and toolboxes in python really help our project to work more efficiently. 

We started with writing code in mbta_helper.py. We ran and tested each function after finishing writing it to see if there were any errors that we needed to fix on the spot. For better testing, we used the pprint() function to print out the response data of the url. For example, we ran into some issues with the output of the function ‘get_lat_long’. The output returns multiple values of latitude and longitude. To return the value we needed, we added ‘MA’ in the end of the place_name so that latitude and longitude from other states won’t be mistakenly printed. We also ran into some issues with the function ‘get_nearest_stop’. The output shows urllib.error and httperror: forbidden. Since there was no problem with our url, we requested a new API key from mbta’s website and fixed the issue. Another issue we encountered was the output of some of the values from get_nearest_station shows as ‘none’. We were confused about what the result should print. We chose ‘name’ as the key as the final output. We did not need much self-studying since we went over what we needed to do in class. Our team was quite happy about our first experience working together.  

Our team was working together in front of one laptop instead of working separately. We were more productive and were able to focus better when we worked together. While one person is writing the code, the other person is helping with searching and figuring out why if any errors occur. We found this working routine particularly effective to the both of us and will continue to work on projects in this manner in the future. When issues occurred, we went to the professor for help right away.